https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-27966 Auto import doc update (#8552)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/custom_import_strat.adoc

Set the automatic import behavior of a managed cluster to be either a one-time process or a continuous process. The following two automatic import strategies exist:

`ImportOnly`::

> If a managed cluster is missing the `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition, or the condition is not set to `True`, the hub cluster controller initiates the import by applying the klusterlet manifests to the managed cluster. After the managed cluster joins the hub cluster and the `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition is set to `True`, the hub cluster controller stops applying klusterlet manifests and skips automatic import operations for the cluster. Now, only the klusterlet agent on the managed cluster keeps the hub configuration synchronized. If the klusterlet agent stops working, the manifests might become outdated, and might cause the managed cluster to appear in an `Unknown` state on the hub cluster. You must then xref:../cluster_lifecycle/import_cli.adoc#importing-cluster-manual[import the cluster manually]. The `ImportOnly` strategy is useful for a hub cluster disaster recovery scenario where you want to prevent the initial hub cluster from recovering the managed clusters, if the initial hub cluster restarts unexpectedly after the managed clusters were moved to a different hub cluster.

Reviewer: Suggesting to break this up for readability. I also suggest to be more concise when you explain the boolean condition. Also made suggestions related to maintaining an active voice and being direct. Let me know your thoughts.

```suggestion
If a managed cluster is missing the `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition, or the condition is set to `False`, the hub cluster controller applies the klusterlet manifests to the managed cluster to initiate the import.

After the managed cluster joins the hub cluster and the `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition is set to `True`, the hub cluster controller stops applying klusterlet manifests and skips automatic import operations for the cluster. From this point, only the klusterlet agent on the managed cluster synchronizes the hub cluster configuration.

If the klusterlet agent fails, the manifests can become outdated, and might cause the managed cluster to appear in an `Unknown` state on the hub cluster. You must then xref:../cluster_lifecycle/import_cli.adoc#importing-cluster-manual[import the cluster manually].

Use the `ImportOnly` strategy for a hub cluster disaster recovery scenario where you want to prevent the initial hub cluster from recovering the managed clusters, if the initial hub cluster restarts unexpectedly after the managed clusters were moved to a different hub cluster.
```
